---
title: Acknowledgements
nav_order: 1000
---

The content and structure of QSS 20 have been designed and developed over the years thanks to many dedicated faculty and instructors.  The original course materials were created by Rebecca Johnson and Jaren Haber.  Previous iterations of the course has been taught by Herbert Chang.

The content  of the class also draws from many other sources, including the following:

- DSC 10 at UC San Diego, developed by Justin Eldridge, Suraj Rampure, Janine Tiefenbruck, and many others.
- DSC 80 at UC San Diego, developed by Sam Lau, Tauhidur Rahman, Suraj Rampure, Justin Eldridge, Marina Langlois, and Aaron Fraenkel.
- Data 100 at UC Berkeley, developed by Ani Adhikari, Andrew Bray, John DeNero, Will Fithian, Josh Hug, Narges Norouzi, Fernando Pérez, Suraj Rampure, Allen Shen, Alvin Wan, and Lisa Yan.
- CSE 163 at University of Washington, developed by Hunter Schafer and Kevin Lin.
- The Missing Semester of Your CS Education at MIT, developed by Anish Athalye, Jose Javier Gonzalez, and Jon Gjengset.
- Learning Data Science, written by Sam Lau, Joey Gonzalez, and Deb Nolan.

This website is generated by [mkdocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/). This website template was developed for CSE 373 at University of Washington by Brian Chan, Maia Xiao, and Aaron Johnston with modifications by Hunter Schafer. The theme for the course website draws inspiration from [Just the Class](https://github.com/kevinlin1/just-the-class), with thanks to its author Kevin Lin.

